---
title: CCA@Kellock
permalink: /ccas/cca-at-kellock/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>CHIJ Kellock</strong></p><p><strong>CCA Programme and Policy</strong></p><p></p><p>CCAs are an integral part of the holistic education that contributes towards achieving the Kellock Girl Outcomes (KGOs). The Kellock CCA Programme provides students with a platform to discover their interests and talents. Students progressively develop CCA-specific knowledge, skills, values, attitudes and dispositions through sustained participation in CCAs.&nbsp;</p><p><br></p><p><strong><u>CCA@Kellock: Principles for Compliance</u></strong></p><ul><li><p>All Primary 3 to 6 students <strong>MUST</strong>&nbsp;participate in at least one school-based CCA.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Attendance is <strong>compulsory</strong>.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>A medical certificate must be submitted to explain a student’s absence from CCA. A letter of excuse from parents is permissible for valid reasons (up to 4 times a year).</p></li><li><p>A minimum of 80% CCA attendance per year is required.</p></li><li><p>Students <strong>are strongly encouraged </strong>to stay in the same CCA until graduation at Primary 6. Any request for a change of CCA is subject to approval on a case-by-case basis and vacancies available in alternative CCAs. A letter or email request, together with a medical certificate or any other supporting document, stating the medical or other condition, which hinders the continuation of the student’s current CCA, needs to be submitted to the school for review.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Students who transfer into the school mid-way at any point after the Primary 3 CCA selection exercise or after the Talent Development CCA selection phases will be allowed to choose only from the <u>recreational</u> CCAs with available places, their top 4 choices.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p><strong>The decision of the school is final for any CCA matters and no appeals will be entertained.</strong></p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>CCAs Offered at Kellock</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="4"><p><strong>Recreational CCAs</strong></p><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Talent Development Programme CCAs</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Physical Sports&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Visual Arts</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Clubs &amp; Societies</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Uniformed Group</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>(Based on school selection)</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul><li><p>Badminton</p></li><li><p>Rhythmic Gymnastics</p></li><li><p>Netball</p></li></ul><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul><li><p>Art Club</p></li><li><p>Pottery Club&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul><li><p>Board Games Club</p></li><li><p>K-Greeners Club</p></li><li><p>Media, Broadcasting &amp; Photography Club (MBP)</p></li><li><p>Sewing Club</p></li><li><p>Robotics Club</p></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul><li><p>Brownies</p></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul><li><p>Choir&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Dance Ensemble&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>String Ensemble</p></li><li><p>Netball</p></li><li><p>Rhythmic Gymnastics</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p><br><br><br><br></p><p><strong><u>CCA Selection Exercise at Primary 3*</u></strong></p><ul><li><p>The Primary 3 CCA selection exercise will take place for all students not in the Talent Development CCAs in May. The school conducts the following programmes to help students to identify their interest areas and make an informed decision on which CCA to enroll in:&nbsp;</p><ul><li><p><strong>Primary 3 Sampler CCAs: Students will participate in selected recreational and Performing Arts CCAs that are offered in the school.&nbsp;</strong></p></li><li><p><strong>Primary 3 CCA Day: Students will learn more from CCA leaders’ sharing of experiences from their recreational CCAs.&nbsp;</strong></p></li></ul></li><li><p>Students will then be required to select their top 4 recreational CCA choices in order of preference. In the event where all 4 CCAs are oversubscribed, the school will inform the parents concerned so that they can work with their child to select another available CCA.&nbsp;</p></li></ul><p><em>*For all students except those who have been offered a place in the Talent Development CCAs before the Primary 3 CCA Selection Exercise.</em></p><p></p><p><strong><u>Talent Development CCAs: Selection Principles</u></strong></p><ul><li><p>Talent Development CCAs are meant for competitive exposure. Places in these CCAs are limited and the school will select students based on merit and places available.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Talent Development CCAs have different phases of selection. Students must meet the requirements of each phase and be selected to proceed to the next phase to continue as a member of the Talent Development CCAs.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Every child who auditions for these CCAs is talented but not every child will be selected to represent the school. It is important for parents to accept that their child may not be selected for these CCAs and help the child to be resilient and grow her talent through other CCA or school-based opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Students who transfer into the school mid-way at any point after the Talent Development CCA selection phases will be allowed to choose <u>only</u> from the <u>recreational</u> CCAs with available places.</p></li><li><p><strong>The school’s decision on Talent Development CCAs will be final and no appeals will be entertained.</strong></p></li></ul><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><strong><u>Talent Development CCAs: Performing Arts</u></strong></p><ul><li><p><strong>Choir</strong>: Primary 3 students who are interested to join the choir will undergo an audition to be selected for the Choir CCA. Students who clear the audition will be enrolled into the Junior Choir 1 and will continue to undergo different phases of selection. They must meet the requirements of each phase and be selected to proceed to the next phase to continue as a member of the Choir CCA.</p></li><li><p><strong>Dance Ensemble</strong>: Primary 3 students with potential will be identified during the Dance Module offered via the Primary 3 Sampler CCA programme. These identified students will then be invited to attend an audition. Students who clear the audition will be enrolled into the Junior Dance Ensemble 1 and will continue to undergo different phases of selection. They must meet the requirements of each phase and be selected to proceed to the next phase to continue as a member of the Dance Ensemble CCA.</p></li><li><p><strong>String Ensemble</strong>: Primary 3 students interested in String Ensemble CCA should possess a minimum of Grade2 (ABRSM or equivalent) in the violin, viola, cello or double bass. Violinists can also consider joining the CCA as a violist. Students will undergo an audition to be selected for the String Ensemble CCA. Students who clear the audition will be enrolled into the String Ensemble Induction Programme (Phase 2). They must then meet the requirements of Phase 2 to continue as a member of the String Ensemble CCA.</p></li><li><p><strong><u>Students who are not selected at any phase will choose a recreational CCA at the point of exit from the Talent Development CCA.</u></strong></p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong><u>Snapshot of Selection Phases for Talent Development CCAs: Performing Arts</u></strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>CCA / Level&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 1</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 2</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 3</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 4</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 5</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 6</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Choir&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 1</strong>: Audition</p><p><strong>Phase 2</strong>: Junior Choir 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 3</strong>:</p><p>Junior Choir 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 4</strong>:</p><p>Senior Choir&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Senior Choir</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Dance Ensemble</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 1</strong>: Audition</p><p><strong>Phase 2</strong>: Junior Dance Ensemble 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 3</strong>: Junior Dance Ensemble 2</p><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 4</strong>: Senior Dance Ensemble</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Senior Dance Ensemble</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>String Ensemble</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 1</strong>: Audition</p><p><strong>Phase 2</strong>: String Ensemble Induction Programme</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>String Ensemble</p><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>String Ensemble</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>String Ensemble&nbsp;</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p></p><p><strong><u>Talent Development CCAs: Sports</u></strong></p><ul><li><p><strong>Netball</strong>: Primary 2 students will undergo a selection trial as part of their PE / PAL lessons. Selected students will join the Induction Programme (Phase 2). Students must meet the requirements of each phase and be selected to proceed to the next phase to continue as a member of the Netball CCA.</p></li><li><p><strong>Rhythmic Gymnastics</strong>: Primary 1 students will undergo a selection trial as part of their PE / PAL lessons. Selected students will join the Induction Programme (Phase 2). Students must meet the requirements of each phase and be selected to proceed to the next phase to continue as a member of the Rhythmic Gymnastics CCA.</p></li><li><p><strong><u>Students who are not selected at any phase will choose a recreational CCA at the point of exit from the Talent Development CCA.</u></strong></p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong><u>Snapshot of Selection Phases for Talent Development CCAs: Sports</u></strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>CCA / Level</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 1</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 2</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 3</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 4</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 5</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Primary 6</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Netball</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NA</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 1</strong>: Selection Trial&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Phase 2</strong>: Induction Programme&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 3</strong>: Beginners’ Programme <strong>Phase 4</strong>: Intermediate Programme&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 5</strong>:</p><p>Advanced Programme</p><p><strong>Phase 6</strong>:</p><p>School Team</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 7</strong>: School Team&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Team</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Rhythmic Gymnastics</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 1</strong>: Selection Trial&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Phase 2</strong>: Induction Programme&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 3</strong>: Beginners’ Programme</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 4</strong>: Intermediate Programme <strong>Phase 5</strong>: School Team&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 6</strong>:</p><p>School Team</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Phase 7</strong>: School Team&nbsp;</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>School Team</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p><br></p><p></p>