---
title: FamilyMatters@School
permalink: /parents-portal/familymatters-at-school/
description: ""
---
<p><strong>WHAT IS SCHOOL FAMILY EDUCATION (SFE) PROGRAMME?<br /></strong>School Family Education (SFE), is one of the recommendations of Family Matters Singapore, an initiative by the government to study ways to reinforce and strengthen the family as an institution in Singapore. This programme was implemented in CHIJ Kellock since April 2007.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES?<br /></strong>Through a holistic family learning model, the programme seeks to equip parents with effective parenting skills and train them to be parent facilitators. It also helps school staff enhance their family life and provide pupils with life skills training.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>HOW WILL I, A PARENT, PUPIL OR SCHOOL STAFF BENEFIT?<br /></strong><strong>Parents/Staff<br /></strong>As we understand that parents/staff do not always have the luxury of time to travel and attend public seminars and workshops on family life education topics held at different locations in Singapore, we hope that by organizing the workshops through the school, Family Life Education is brought closer to you.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pupils<br /></strong>Pupils will have an opportunity to learn life skills in which will help them in building their character and make them more independent.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT&rsquo;S IN-STORE FOR ME AND MY CHILD FOR THIS YEAR?<br /></strong>Workshops on building self-esteem for children, conflict management, effective parenting skills, effective communication skills, cyberwellness will be conducted as well as family-bonding activities like floral arrangement, kite-making and a series of personalized small group sessions on family-coaching will be organised. In addition, a Family Resource Room, a cosy room with resources on family life education, has also been set up for your convenience. Should you require further information, you may contact our SFE coordinator, Ms Karen Ho, at&nbsp;8133 6572 or alternatively, you can keep a look out for our publicity materials.</p>