---
title: Cultural Immersion Programmes to China
permalink: /the-k-experience/mother-tongue/chinese-language/cultural-immersion-programmes-to-china/
description: ""
---

<p>In CHIJ (Kellock), P5 students taking Chinese Language as their Mother Tongue may be given the opportunity to participate in the China Immersion Programme where they will be immersed in the rich history and culture of China through visits to a local primary school in China and famous tourist spots. Before their trip, students will receive training of useful skills such as digital photography and video-editing, depending on the nature of the project work. During the trip, students will apply the skills that they have mastered and develop their creativity in their Project Work.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In 2019, we brought a group of P5 girls to Suzhou and Shanghai for an immersion programme from 25 May to 30 May. To deepen their understanding and appreciation of the Chinese culture, these are the places of interest that they had visited: Suzhou Industrial Park, Golden Rooster Lake, Hu Bing Park, Tiger Hill, Panmen, Santang Cultural Street, Master of the Nets Garden, Fresh Hema, Silk Factory, Guanqian Street-Xinhua Book store, Luzhi Water Town, Chenghuangmiao Commercial Area, Shanghai Oriental Pearl TV Tower, The Bund and Urban Planning Exhibition Centre. The highlight of this trip was to provide opportunities for students to immerse in a local school to interact with the local students to practice listening, speaking and thinking skills in the Chinese Language. The students were very fortunate to have a taste of how school life and learning are like in a renowned school in China-Suzhou Experimental School. They attended Chinese Language, English Language, Mathematics, Music, and Physical Education lessons with their China buddies. They were also given a choice based on their interest to participate in one of these five CCAs: Tae Won Do, Ping Pong, Pottery, Wood Crafting and water color painting.</p>
<p>Please click&nbsp;<a href="/chijkellock/cultural-immersion-programmes-to-china-2019" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>&nbsp;to view photos.&nbsp;</p>
<p>During the trip, students were assigned in groups of five to complete a project. Based on the attractions and the theme assigned, students used iPad to take photos, videos and perform text editing to create &ldquo;My Digital Travel Story&rdquo; using iMovie for presentation. They will present their digital story and share their takeaway when they return.&nbsp;</p>