---
title: School Rules And Regulations
permalink: /about-us/school-information/school-rules-n-regulations/
description: ""
third_nav_title: School Information
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>The Proverbs 22:6 Child</strong><br><em> Train up a child in the way she should go, <br>And when she is old she will not depart from it.</em></p><p><strong><u>DISCIPLINE PHILOSOPHY</u></strong></p><p>CHIJ Kellock believes that a safe and orderly environment, marked by a culture of graciousness, respect and love for self, peers and teachers, is necessary for learning to take place. Every child has the right to a safe school environment and an environment that is conducive to learning. Therefore, it is the responsibility of every student to contribute to the building of a caring and loving learning environment through self-management and the modelling of school values in everyday life in and out of school.</p><p><strong><u>Discipline Approach</u></strong></p><p>CHIJ Kellock’s approach to discipline is student-centric, cultivating in and teaching every child: <br>• An awareness of her personal traits and her emotions: I AM (self-awareness)<br>• An understanding of her responses and choices to situations: I CAN (self-management)<br>• An awareness and understanding of others’ emotions and perspectives: I CARE (social awareness)<br>• How best to express herself in socially acceptable ways to build healthy relationships and manage conflicts: I WILL (self-management)</p><p>When a student misbehaves, the process of discipline starts with helping her to be aware of her emotions and her actions, the effect her actions and behaviour have on others, followed by intervention measures and support structures for her to be back on track. The intervention measures are guided by the school’s rules and regulations while the support structures help the child move forward with empathy and with new learning.</p><p>Intervention measures, depending on the severity of the actions, can be facilitative in nature or punitive. Support structures range from mandatory counselling, to reflective practices, reinforcing the iterative discipline process of “I AM, I CAN, I CARE AND I WILL”.</p><p>The student-centric approach to discipline that the school takes in handling a discipline case can be seen as follows:</p><p><strong><u>I AM (Self Awareness)</u></strong></p><p>When a student commits an offence, it is important that she reflects on her own actions, deriving at an awareness of her personal traits and emotions. Questions for reflection include:<br>• What happened?<br>• What was I thinking at that time?<br>• Who do I think have been affected by what I have done?<br>• What exactly am I sorry for?<br></p><p><strong><u>I CAN (Self-Management)</u></strong></p><p>Upon reflecting further, it is important that the student develops an understanding of her responses and choices to the situations and devises steps she can do to make amendments. Questions for reflection include:<br>• What do I need to do to make things right?<br>• How can I make sure that this does not happen again?<br></p><p><strong><u>I CARE (Social Awareness)</u></strong></p><p>It is important that the student develops an understanding of the emotions of others and takes on the perspective of others. Questions for reflection include:<br>• How has my action affected others?<br>• In what way was the victim affected?<br></p><p><strong><u>I WILL (Responsible Decision-Making)</u></strong></p><p>At this stage, the student will come to a realisation that she needs to express herself in socially acceptable ways to build healthy relationships and manage conflicts. She will then express the actions that she needs to take to show her desire to turn over a new leaf. Some I WILL statements include:<br>• I will resolve to treat my friends with respect.<br>• I will learn to work with others and I will surface issues to my teacher and not insist on my own ways.<br></p><p><strong><u>SCHOOL RULES &amp; REGULATIONS</u></strong></p><p><strong>ATTIRE AND APPEARANCE</strong> <br>● Students are to wear the prescribed school uniform at all times. Modifications to the uniform are not allowed.<br>● The full uniform should be worn when students come to the school, represent the school for activities, during examination period, weekends and school holidays, unless otherwise specified.<br></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Pinafore</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>School badge neatly sewn on the left.</p></li><li><p>Length of the pinafore should reach the knee cap.</p></li><li><p>Should be worn in the proper manner, without excessive folds at the belt line.</p></li><li><p>School belt should be fastened at the waist.</p></li><li><p>Leadership badges should be worn above the school badge.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Blouse</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Should be buttoned, including the collar button.</p></li><li><p>The sleeves should not be folded.</p></li><li><p>Collar pins for leadership roles should be pinned on the left collar of the school blouse.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>PE Attire</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>PE T-shirt has to be tucked into the PE shorts.</p></li><li><p>PE attire is to be worn during PE lessons and CCA sessions only.</p></li><li><p>Pinafore must be worn upon entering and leaving the school premises.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Outerwear</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>School custom-made outerwear or dark blue/black outerwear can be worn when needed.</p></li><li><p>Prefects and other student leaders are required to wear the school’s custom-made outerwear for official school functions and when representing the school for official duties.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Shoes &amp; Socks</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Plain white canvas shoes with lace or velcro strips and plain white socks that cover the ankles.</p></li><li><p>Students with podiatry problems can wear custom-made white shoes. A letter from the doctor will be required.</p></li><li><p>Students with foot injury are allowed to wear sandals. (Flip-flops are strongly discouraged)</p></li><li><p>Sports shoes are only allowed during physical activities such as Sports CCA, tournaments or NAPFA. The base colour of the sports shoes and shoelaces must be white. Only simple coloured logos or trimmings are allowed.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Hair</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Kept neat, tidy and simply styled.</p></li><li><p>Permed, coloured or tinted hair is strictly prohibited.</p></li><li><p>Fringe should be above the eye-brows. Long fringe should be secured with a flat hair clip or hair band.</p></li><li><p>Hair must be tied up in a ponytail or simple plaits if it goes beyond the shoulder.</p></li><li><p>Hair accessories should be simple and in black.</p></li><li><p>Students are not allowed to spot a fully-shaven head.</p></li><li><p>To spot a fully-shaven head for a cause, permission must be sought from the Principal first.</p></li><li><p>Students who are given the permission to spot a fully-shaven head must wear a cap until their hair grows out.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Nails &amp; Make-Up</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Should be kept short and clean.</p></li><li><p>No nail polish or strengthener should be applied to the nails.</p></li><li><p>Make-up is strictly forbidden in school unless performing in a school concert.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Jewelery &amp; Accessories</p></th><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Only small and simple&nbsp;<strong>ear studs</strong>&nbsp;may be worn, one on each ear lobe.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>If wearing ear sticks, only transparent ear sticks are allowed.</p></li><li><p>For safety reasons, ear loops are not allowed. There should not be any conspicuous display of religious accessories.</p></li><li><p>Ornamental accessories such as friendship bands, bracelets and anklets are not permitted.</p></li><li><p>A simple watch with a small face may be used.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>The strap should be plain-coloured.</p></li><li><p>Smart wrist watches and fitness trackers are disallowed.</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><p><br><strong><u>DAILY ASSEMBLY</u></strong><br><br>Observe the routines at all times<br><br>• Assemble in the classrooms upon reaching school. Sit down and read a book silently.<br><br>• No playing within the school compound before morning assembly. <br><br><strong><u>FLAG-RAISING CEREMONY</u></strong><br><br>Respect for our Nation and School<br><br>• Attendance at the daily flag-raising ceremony is compulsory. <br><br>• All Singapore citizens are to sing the National Anthem and recite the National Pledge with fervour. They will recite the National Pledge with their right fists placed over their hearts.<br><br>• Students who are not Singapore citizens must stand at attention and remain silent whenever the National Anthem is sung and the National Pledge is recited.<br><br>• All students will sing the School Song with fervour. <br><br>• All students will join in to pray or remain silent and adopt a respectful disposition during prayer times.<br></p><p><strong><u>ATTENDANCE AND PUNCTUALITY</u></strong><br>Be responsible and disciplined<br><br>• Students are to be punctual in reporting for school, lessons, tests, examinations, CCA and other school activities at all times. Unless otherwise specified, the school day begins at 7.30 am.<br><br>• Students will be booked for late-coming after 7.30 am. <br><br>• No student should leave the school premises during school hours without written permission from the Principal/Vice-Principal/Teacher. Early departures must be recorded in the Early Departure Book at the general office.<br><br>• Absence from classes, CCA and other school activities must be covered by a medical certificate or a letter of excuse from the parent/guardian. Permission to take leave from school during term time will only be granted by the Principal on advance notice and for appropriate reasons. <br><br>• Absence from examinations/tests must be covered by a medical certificate or letters of excuse which will only be accepted under extenuating circumstances such as bereavement. <br></p><p><strong><u>GENERAL CONDUCT</u></strong><br><br>(a) Have good manners in and out of class <br><br>• Be polite and well-behaved at all times.<br><br>• Greet all staff and visitors to the school.<br><br>• Observe silence when moving from place to place in the school. Be considerate to others.<br><br>• Only leave the classroom when permission is given by the teacher. If a student needs to leave the classroom urgently, such as taking a toilet break, the class monitors can record the name(s) of the student(s) on the class whiteboard. <br><br>• Keep the school litter-free.<br><br>• Use proper language at all times. This includes messages exchanged on social media platforms.<br><br>(b) Have good canteen etiquette<br><br>• Queue up in an orderly manner for food or drinks.<br><br>• Food purchased from the canteen for recess should be consumed there. Students are allowed to consume food in the classroom only when permission is granted by the school. <br><br>• Consumption of food at the stairwell/corridor is disallowed.<br><br>• Plates, bowls, cups and cutlery used in the canteen must be returned to their respective collection bins.<br><br>• Shouting or screaming across the canteen is disallowed.<br><br>• Running and playing in the canteen are disallowed. <br><br>(c) Have manners outside school compound <br><br>• Loitering at shopping malls, void decks and playgrounds in school uniform after school hours is prohibited, unless accompanied by parents/guardians.<br><br>• Be well-behaved at all times in public places.<br><br>• Queue in an orderly manner when boarding the school buses/ public buses/ MRT trains.<br><br>• Display graciousness and consideration to others, especially the elderly and pregnant ladies when on the public transport.<br><br>(d) Relating to One Another<br><br>• Every student has the right to a safe and inclusive school environment that is conducive to learning and to form respectful, healthy relationships based on care, love and acceptance. As such, students are expected to treat each other with respect and care with the knowledge that the school is a place for learning and building friendships. The school will not tolerate any bullying as it goes against the school’s mission and values. <br><br>• Cyber-bullying: Students are not allowed to put hurtful / slanderous / defamatory / derogatory remarks that can cause damage to the school’s and/or students’ reputation on the internet. Students are also not allowed to use or distribute pictures and sound recordings of the school, staff and students on the internet without permission.<br><br>• Students are not allowed to conduct any transactions within the school, be it online or otherwise with any student, unless approval from the school is granted. <br><br></p><p><strong><u>RESPONSIBLE OWNERSHIP</u></strong><br><br>Be responsible with your belongings<br><br>• Label all stationeries and personal belongings with your name and class. <br><br>• Erasable ink pens and correction tapes are prohibited during examinations. Only ballpoint pens are to be used during examinations. <br><br><strong>Toys</strong> <br>• Students are not allowed to bring any toys to school, unless given permission by the teachers. Examples of such toys include Pop Its, fidget spinner or soft toys. These items may distract the students and disrupt lessons in class. Students caught possessing these items may have them confiscated. <br></p><p><strong><u>SCHOOL SECURITY</u></strong><br>Keep our school safe for all<br><br>• All students must take personal responsibility for the safekeeping of their personal belongings.<br><br>• Students are not allowed to have in their possession any weapon. They are also not allowed to bring any weapon-like items which are used or intended to be used to cause harm to others. Examples of such weapons include pen knife, razor blade or sword.<br><br>• It is against the law for students to use or possess tobacco product(s). Tobacco usage leads to addiction and long term health consequences. <br></p><p><strong><u>CONDUCT DURING EXAMINATION</u></strong><br>Observe and follow all examination procedures <br><br>• Be punctual for all examination papers. No extra time will be given to complete the examination if students are late. <br><br>• Place all bags, books/notes outside the classroom as instructed by the invigilator.<br><br>• Raise your hand if help is needed and wait to be attended to by the invigilator.<br><br>• Avoid any contact with classmates during examinations.<br><br>• Students are not allowed to bring into examination rooms any unauthorised notes or any electronic devices capable of capturing, storing, displaying and/or transmitting visual, audio or verbal information. Examples of prohibited items include mobile phones, cameras, tablets, power banks, wired and wireless ear-pieces/earphones, smart wrist watches, fitness trackers, smart glasses, and pens with image capturing capabilities.<br><br>• Cheating is a serious offence. Disciplinary action will be taken against students found cheating or attempting to cheat or helping others cheat in an examination.<br><br></p><p><strong><u>ELECTRONIC DEVICES</u></strong><br>Be responsible users of electronic devices <br><br>• Students are not allowed to bring to school any electronic devices capable of capturing, storing, displaying and/or transmitting visual, audio or verbal information. Examples of prohibited items include cameras, tablets, smart wrist watches, fitness trackers, smart glasses, and pens with image capturing capabilities. Exceptions will be made for e-books or electronic devices that are used as learning materials. (E.g.: kindle or electronic dictionaries).<br><br>• Students who need to bring a mobile phone to school for the purpose of keeping in touch with family members are responsible for the safety of their mobile phones and they must adhere to the following conditions:<br><br></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The use of the mobile phone is only allowed outside the General Office and the school gates after curriculum hours (after 1.30 pm).<br><br></p></li><li><p>The use of the mobile phone is only for communication. Apart from the approved usage as stated, devices should be kept out of sight and switched off at all times. <br><br></p></li><li><p>Disciplinary measures will be taken against students found abusing the use of the mobile phones or breaking the rule.<br><br></p></li></ul><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The school will not bear responsibility for the loss of, damage to or theft of mobile phones. <br></p></li></ul><p></p>